@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v$
@conflict logsentry-*
@conflict logtail-*
@newgroup _logcheck:998
@newuser _logcheck:998:_logcheck:daemon:Logcheck Account:/nonexistent:/sbin/nologin
bin/logcheck
bin/logcheck-test
bin/logtail
bin/logtail2
@man man/man1/logcheck-test.1
@man man/man1/logcheck.1
@man man/man8/logtail.8
@man man/man8/logtail2.8
share/examples/logcheck/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/
share/examples/logcheck/cracking.d/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/cracking.d/
share/examples/logcheck/cracking.d/kernel
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/cracking.d/kernel
share/examples/logcheck/cracking.d/rlogind
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/cracking.d/rlogind
share/examples/logcheck/cracking.d/rsh
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/cracking.d/rsh
share/examples/logcheck/cracking.d/smartd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/cracking.d/smartd
share/examples/logcheck/cracking.d/tftpd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/cracking.d/tftpd
share/examples/logcheck/cracking.d/uucico
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/cracking.d/uucico
share/examples/logcheck/cracking.ignore.d/
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/bind
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/bind
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/cron
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/cron
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/incron
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/incron
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/logcheck
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/logcheck
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/postfix
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/postfix
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/ppp
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/ppp
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/pureftp
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/pureftp
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/qpopper
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/qpopper
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/squid
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/squid
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/ssh
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/ssh
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/stunnel
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/stunnel
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/sysklogd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/sysklogd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/telnetd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/telnetd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/tripwire
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/tripwire
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/usb
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.paranoid/usb
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/acpid
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/acpid
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/amandad
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/amandad
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/amavisd-new
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/amavisd-new
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/anacron
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/anacron
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/anon-proxy
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/anon-proxy
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/apache
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/apache
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/apcupsd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/apcupsd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/arpwatch
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/arpwatch
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/asterisk
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/asterisk
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/automount
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/automount
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/bind
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/bind
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/bluez-utils
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/bluez-utils
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/courier
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/courier
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/cpqarrayd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/cpqarrayd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/cpufreqd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/cpufreqd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/cron
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/cron
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/cron-apt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/cron-apt
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/cups-lpd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/cups-lpd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/cvs-pserver
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/cvs-pserver
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/cvsd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/cvsd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/cyrus
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/cyrus
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/dcc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/dcc
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/ddclient
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/ddclient
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/dhclient
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/dhclient
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/dhcp
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/dhcp
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/dictd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/dictd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/dkfilter
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/dkfilter
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/dnsmasq
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/dnsmasq
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/dovecot
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/dovecot
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/dropbear
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/dropbear
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/dspam
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/dspam
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/epmd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/epmd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/exim4
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/exim4
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/fcron
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/fcron
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/ftpd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/ftpd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/git-daemon
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/git-daemon
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/gnu-imap4d
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/gnu-imap4d
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/gps
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/gps
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/grinch
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/grinch
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/horde3
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/horde3
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/hplip
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/hplip
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/hylafax
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/hylafax
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/ikiwiki
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/ikiwiki
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/imap
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/imap
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/imapproxy
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/imapproxy
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/imp
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/imp
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/imp4
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/imp4
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/innd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/innd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/ipppd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/ipppd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/isdnlog
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/isdnlog
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/isdnutils
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/isdnutils
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/jabberd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/jabberd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/kernel
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/kernel
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/klogind
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/klogind
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/krb5-kdc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/krb5-kdc
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/libpam-krb5
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/libpam-krb5
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/libpam-mount
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/libpam-mount
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/logcheck
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/logcheck
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/login
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/login
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/maradns
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/maradns
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/mldonkey-server
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/mldonkey-server
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/mon
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/mon
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/mountd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/mountd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/nagios
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/nagios
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/netconsole
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/netconsole
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/nfs
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/nfs
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/nntpcache
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/nntpcache
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/nscd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/nscd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/nslcd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/nslcd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/openvpn
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/openvpn
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/otrs
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/otrs
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/passwd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/passwd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/pdns
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/pdns
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/perdition
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/perdition
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/policyd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/policyd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/popa3d
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/popa3d
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/postfix
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/postfix
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/postfix-policyd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/postfix-policyd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/ppp
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/ppp
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/pptpd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/pptpd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/procmail
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/procmail
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/proftpd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/proftpd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/pure-ftpd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/pure-ftpd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/pureftp
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/pureftp
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/qpopper
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/qpopper
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/rbldnsd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/rbldnsd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/rpc_statd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/rpc_statd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/rsnapshot
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/rsnapshot
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/rsync
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/rsync
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/sa-exim
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/sa-exim
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/samba
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/samba
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/saned
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/saned
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/sasl2-bin
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/sasl2-bin
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/saslauthd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/saslauthd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/schroot
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/schroot
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/scponly
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/scponly
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/slapd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/slapd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/smartd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/smartd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/smbd_audit
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/smbd_audit
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/smokeping
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/smokeping
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/snmpd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/snmpd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/snort
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/snort
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/spamc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/spamc
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/spamd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/spamd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/squid
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/squid
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/ssh
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/ssh
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/stunnel
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/stunnel
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/su
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/su
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/sudo
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/sudo
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/sympa
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/sympa
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/syslogd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/syslogd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/systemd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/systemd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/systemd-timesyncd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/systemd-timesyncd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/teapop
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/teapop
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/telnetd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/telnetd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/tftpd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/tftpd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/thy
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/thy
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/ucd-snmp
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/ucd-snmp
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/upsd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/upsd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/uptimed
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/uptimed
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/userv
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/userv
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/vsftpd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/vsftpd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/watchdog
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/watchdog
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/wu-ftpd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/wu-ftpd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.server/xinetd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.server/xinetd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/automount
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/automount
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/bind
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/bind
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/bluetooth-alsa
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/bluetooth-alsa
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/bluez-utils
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/bluez-utils
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/bonobo
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/bonobo
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/dhcpcd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/dhcpcd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/francine
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/francine
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/gconf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/gconf
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/gdm
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/gdm
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/hald
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/hald
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/hcid
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/hcid
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/ifplugd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/ifplugd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/ippl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/ippl
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/kdm
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/kdm
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/kernel
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/kernel
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/laptop-mode-tools
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/laptop-mode-tools
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/libmtp-runtime
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/libmtp-runtime
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/libpam-gnome-keyring
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/libpam-gnome-keyring
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/logcheck
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/logcheck
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/login
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/login
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/net-acct
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/net-acct
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/nntpcache
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/nntpcache
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/polypaudio
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/polypaudio
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/postfix
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/postfix
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/ppp
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/ppp
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/proftpd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/proftpd
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/pump
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/pump
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/sendfile
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/sendfile
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/slim
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/slim
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/squid
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/squid
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/udev
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/udev
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/wdm
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/wdm
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/winbind
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/winbind
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/wpasupplicant
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/wpasupplicant
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/xdm
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/xdm
share/examples/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/xlockmore
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/ignore.d.workstation/xlockmore
share/examples/logcheck/logcheck.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/logcheck.conf
share/examples/logcheck/logcheck.logfiles
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/logcheck.logfiles
share/examples/logcheck/logcheck.logfiles.d/
share/examples/logcheck/violations.d/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/violations.d/
share/examples/logcheck/violations.d/kernel
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/violations.d/kernel
share/examples/logcheck/violations.d/logcheck
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/violations.d/logcheck
share/examples/logcheck/violations.d/smartd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/violations.d/smartd
share/examples/logcheck/violations.d/su
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/violations.d/su
share/examples/logcheck/violations.d/sudo
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/violations.d/sudo
share/examples/logcheck/violations.ignore.d/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/violations.ignore.d/
share/examples/logcheck/violations.ignore.d/logcheck-su
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/violations.ignore.d/logcheck-su
share/examples/logcheck/violations.ignore.d/logcheck-sudo
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/logcheck/violations.ignore.d/logcheck-sudo
share/logtail/
share/logtail/detectrotate/
share/logtail/detectrotate/10-savelog.dtr
share/logtail/detectrotate/20-logrotate.dtr
share/logtail/detectrotate/30-logrotate-dateext.dtr
@owner _logcheck
@group _logcheck
@sample /var/cache/logcheck/
